README.md, before:

# Cliofo (Command Line Interface Operand Flag Option)

\*\*\* ***THIS PROJECT IS CURRENTLY IN ALPHA STATUS AND DOES NOT HAVE ALL FEATURES
IMPLEMENTED AND WILL LIKELY GO THROUGH BREAKING CHANGES!*** \*\*\*

![npm version shield][npm version shield]
![npm package license][npm package license]
![node version][node version]

npm package to implement a command line interface argument parser in a
conventional GNU way. This API is built around the concept of a single leading
prefix character denoting ***flag*** arguments, 2 leading adjacent identical
characters denoting ***option*** arguments, and no leading prefix characters
denoting ***operand*** arguments.

## Installing

Running the following command will install this package as a dependency of a
Node npm package:

```shell
npm i cliofo
```

## Tests

The source code containing the unit tests for this package can be found in the
[`./src/test/ts`](./src/test/ts "unit test source code") directory. It mimics
the directory structure of the deployable source code found in the
[`./src/main/ts`][deployable src code]

Running the command:

```text
npm test
```

will run the unit tests and output results to `stdout`.

Running the command:

```shell
npm run test-report
```

will output the test results into a webpage and open up the webpage via a
web browser. That generated webpage can be found at
`./build/test-report/index.html`.

This package uses the [Mocha][mocha website] testing framework and the
[Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/ "Chai assertion library") assertion library for
unit testing and [mochawesome](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mochawesome "mochawesome npm package") to generate the web based test report.

## Linting

Linting is done for all source code found in the
[`./src`](./src "source code directory"). This includes both the deployable
source code as well as the unit test source code. When a lint check is run it
outputs errors and warnings to `stdout`.

Run the default linter via:

```shell
npm run lint
```

This runs a less strict lint check where all warnings are silenced.

A stricter lint can be done via:

```shell
npm run lint-strict
```

This is identical to the other lint command, except it doesn't silence warnings.

This package uses [ESLint][eslint website] for linting.

## TypeScript

This package's source code is all written in [TypeScript][typescript website].
This includes the source code that actually gets transpiled to the executable
JavaScript as well as the unit test source code. All the source code can be
found in the [`./src`](./src) directory found at the root of the package repo.

## TypeDoc API Documentation

Running the command:

```shell
npm run tsdoc
```

will generate the documentation and output it via a webpage that can found at
`./build/tsdoc/index.html`. [TypeDoc](https://typedoc.org/guides/overview/ "TypeDoc") is used to generate the API documentation.

---

[![github shield][github shield]][github repo]
[![TypeScript][typescript shield]][typescript website]
[![Mocha][mocha shield]][mocha website]
[![ESLint][eslint shield]][eslint website]
[![npm][npm shield]][npm website]
[![NodeJS][node shield]][node website]

[deployable src code]: ./src/main/ts "deployable source code"
[eslint shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white "eslint"
[eslint website]: https://eslint.org/ "eslint"
[github shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white "github"
[github repo]: https://github.com/SnapLib/typescript-cliofo "github"
[mocha shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-mocha-%238D6748?style=for-the-badge&logo=mocha&logoColor=white "Mocha testing framework"
[mocha website]: https://mochajs.org/ "Mocha testing framework"
[node shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white "node"
[node version]: https://img.shields.io/node/v/cliofo?color=%2366ff66&&logo=node.js&style=flat-square "node version"
[node website]: https://nodejs.org/en/about "node"
[npm package license]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/cliofo?color=%2366ff66&style=flat-square "MIT license"
[npm shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white "npm"
[npm version shield]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cliofo?color=%2366ff66&logo=npm&style=flat-square "npm version"
[npm website]: https://www.npmjs.com/ "npm"
[typescript shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white "TypeScript"
[typescript website]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/ "TypeScript"

Commit message:

Add more info to TypeScript section.

README.md, after:

# Cliofo (Command Line Interface Operand Flag Option)

\*\*\* ***THIS PROJECT IS CURRENTLY IN ALPHA STATUS AND DOES NOT HAVE ALL FEATURES
IMPLEMENTED AND WILL LIKELY GO THROUGH BREAKING CHANGES!*** \*\*\*

![npm version shield][npm version shield]
![npm package license][npm package license]
![node version][node version]

npm package to implement a command line interface argument parser in a
conventional GNU way. This API is built around the concept of a single leading
prefix character denoting ***flag*** arguments, 2 leading adjacent identical
characters denoting ***option*** arguments, and no leading prefix characters
denoting ***operand*** arguments.

## Installing

Running the following command will install this package as a dependency of a
Node npm package:

```shell
npm i cliofo
```

## Tests

The source code containing the unit tests for this package can be found in the
[`./src/test/ts`](./src/test/ts "unit test source code") directory. It mimics
the directory structure of the deployable source code found in the
[`./src/main/ts`][deployable src code]

Running the command:

```text
npm test
```

will run the unit tests and output results to `stdout`.

Running the command:

```shell
npm run test-report
```

will output the test results into a webpage and open up the webpage via a
web browser. That generated webpage can be found at
`./build/test-report/index.html`.

This package uses the [Mocha][mocha website] testing framework and the
[Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/ "Chai assertion library") assertion library for
unit testing and [mochawesome](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mochawesome "mochawesome npm package") to generate the web based test report.

## Linting

Linting is done for all source code found in the
[`./src`](./src "source code directory"). This includes both the deployable
source code as well as the unit test source code. When a lint check is run it
outputs errors and warnings to `stdout`.

Run the default linter via:

```shell
npm run lint
```

This runs a less strict lint check where all warnings are silenced.

A stricter lint can be done via:

```shell
npm run lint-strict
```

This is identical to the other lint command, except it doesn't silence warnings.

This package uses [ESLint][eslint website] for linting.

## TypeScript

This package's source code is all written in [TypeScript][typescript website].
This includes the source code that actually gets transpiled to the executable
JavaScript in the deployed npm package as well as the unit test source code. All
the source code can be found in the [`./src`](./src) directory found at the root of the package repo. The unit test source code does not get transpiled to
JavaScript.

Running the command:

```bash
npm run build
```

will output transpiled source code in a manner more suitable for developmental
purposes to the `./build/dev` directory.

Running the command:

```bash
npm run build-dist
```

will output transpiled source code in a manner more suitable for deployment to
the `./build/dist` directory.

Running the command:

```bash
npm run build-types
```

will output a TypeScript types declaration file to `./build/dist/cliofo.d.ts`.

## TypeDoc API Documentation

Running the command:

```shell
npm run tsdoc
```

will generate the documentation and output it via a webpage that can found at
`./build/tsdoc/index.html`. [TypeDoc](https://typedoc.org/guides/overview/ "TypeDoc") is used to generate the API documentation.

---

[![github shield][github shield]][github repo]
[![TypeScript][typescript shield]][typescript website]
[![Mocha][mocha shield]][mocha website]
[![ESLint][eslint shield]][eslint website]
[![npm][npm shield]][npm website]
[![NodeJS][node shield]][node website]

[deployable src code]: ./src/main/ts "deployable source code"
[eslint shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white "eslint"
[eslint website]: https://eslint.org/ "eslint"
[github shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white "github"
[github repo]: https://github.com/SnapLib/typescript-cliofo "github"
[mocha shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-mocha-%238D6748?style=for-the-badge&logo=mocha&logoColor=white "Mocha testing framework"
[mocha website]: https://mochajs.org/ "Mocha testing framework"
[node shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white "node"
[node version]: https://img.shields.io/node/v/cliofo?color=%2366ff66&&logo=node.js&style=flat-square "node version"
[node website]: https://nodejs.org/en/about "node"
[npm package license]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/cliofo?color=%2366ff66&style=flat-square "MIT license"
[npm shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white "npm"
[npm version shield]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cliofo?color=%2366ff66&logo=npm&style=flat-square "npm version"
[npm website]: https://www.npmjs.com/ "npm"
[typescript shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white "TypeScript"
[typescript website]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/ "TypeScript"
